New Life today
I'm going to change my life and not be depressed.


Veer, 
	in Argentina do the following things.

1. Change your name back to Veer. Don't let people call you Guru. I don't like this name.
2. Work on your looks. You should look 23 again.
3. Work out. You are already in shape but exercise to tone yourself up
4. Complete programming course and start working remotely. Your areas of interest are geocoding, datascience, deep learning, neural networks.
5. Do Astronomy. Don't bother about the length of the course. Even if you do 1 year. It's fine. Do it with full heart.
6. Travel. Leave the hostel and go to patagonia. It will freshen up your mind and teach you many new things.
7. Learn to play the piano and read music. This can be a great skill to have.
8. Make your own portal/website for import - export companies and hotels. These two things can work out well
9. Visit India and tell everyone that you are doing fine.
10. Give a lot of money back home. You owe money to your brother, mother and family.
11. Go to Europe and with a backpack. Socialise with people and be warm. Get out of your shell.
12. Pray to God and write down your thoughts even more. I think you can become a good writer.

Life is not to be lived or wasted as we are doing now Veer. Its all a matter about choices.
Only we know how hard it is to do things here. You are doing a great job. Just keep going and everythingwill fall in place.

Do not be afraid to take risk. Be calm like your father and have a lot of patience.


One very important thing that you need to realise is that we need focus. We cannot be so distracted by everything around us.
We have learnt that lesson. Its better that we excel at one thing. You are meant to be a technical person who masters physics, mathematics, astronomy and computer programming. You can do it. Make small goals and keep moving forward. 
Life is certainly not a race. Plan only for today. Not more. Live in the present and Now. Life is what's happening to us right now. Don't let anybody tell you that it can't be done. You can do it. I am confident about this.


Papa, 
	I hope you are listening to me right now. Please let me rise again. Let me put in different actins so that I can see different results. That's about it.
Today is 20th June. Veer today itself do


1. Make a basic programers CV
2. Upload a your basic projects in Github
3. Make a scraper for Argentina trade net with Mulithread scraping
4. Make a scraper for downloading comics with multithread scraping

Astronomoy numericals and analisis derivations on calculus.

Go for it.

I love you and completely believe in you.


Papa I miss You.
