Dear Papa,

I miss you and want to wish you happy father's day from Argentina.

Life has changed so much for me after you have left.
Papa, could you guide me little bit about where should I go from here in my life?

The challenges that I'm having right now are too much. It's not that I can't handle them or I 
am complaining. Just that if you can re affirm to me which path to choose than I'll feel doubly 
sure.

The thing is that from the past two years, I am alone here in Argentina wandering like a nobody and
doing and experimenting with whatever I thought right.

Things have and haven't worked in my favour. I have lost all my money and actually feeling pretty 
lost now as to where to go!

I want to work really hard and be like you. Calm, content, peaceful and patient.
Life is so complex that I feel bogged down. Many times I only feel that I shouldn't take life too 
seriously and just take each day as it comes.

Life should be enjoyable and peaceful. I don't want to be in any race and do my own thing.
Could throw me a lot of responsibility from above? It'll make me pull up my socks and work hard.

There are some nice things I have done here and some wrong things as well.
I'm not perfect. Actually you had a blind belief in me and somehow I can't see that in myself.

Some people here also have told me about it. I just don't want to let you down in any way.

I hope you get my point. Just don't make me do anymore silly things. From today onwards I have decided to change my life even more.
Argentina and Buenos Aires are so different from India and Bhusawal! I don't know to what I have changed into.
Your last thoughts have gone away with you. For you I am ready to give up all and everything. Only if you could command me. I know you can talk and guide me by being in my thoughts or coming to my dreams.
I have blind faith in you as you had in me.

I don't know if its just a foolish father love that you believed in me or I actually potrayed you some talent. Seriously, that's how low my confidence has fallen at the moment. But I don't want to talk about these dark things. As I am want to be optimistic and look up and ahead in anyway possible.

Papa. I am here. I want to fight Papa. Nothing matter but I want to make you proud. I don't want to be a loser. I am your son and that's a big responsibility. There is absolutely no sense in competing in any rat race. Just be myself and do my own thing is what occurs to me. 

Help me on this Papa. I miss you.

I really don't know anybody else whom I can talk to about this.

I will rise again. You see.

I love you and I miss you. Wish I could tell you this when you were alive.

Golu
